README.md, before:

# Stretch Gazebo
This package allows migrates the stretch_gazebo package found in (https://github.com/hello-robot/stretch_ros.git) to ROS2.

> [NOTE]: This is not functional. Current status of development allows to launch everything properly within the simulation including controllers however when moved everything breaks. Additionally, for simplicifation of the problem all sensors, gripper, aruco markers and respeakers have been removed.

> [UPDATE]: New branch has been created called `dev` for debugging purposes. Current status of the branch has a reduced urdf containing only the mobile base in which by modifiying the inertias and the mass it kinda works.  
# Install Package
To have functional the following simulation first install the create a catkin workspace and install all dependecies mentioned below.

## APT Dependecies
Dependecies you can install from terminal
```
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-launch-param-builder
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-gazebo-ros
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-gazebo-ros-pkgs
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-controller-manager
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-ament-cmake
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-control-msgs
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-diagnostic-updater
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-control-toolbox
sudo apt install python3-pip
pip install setuptools==58.2.0
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-joint-state-broadcaster
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-diff-drive-controller
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-joint-trajectory-controller
```
## Dependecies from Source
Dependecies which should be in the `src` folder of your catkin workspace.
```
git clone git@github.com:ros-controls/ros2_control.git
git clone git@github.com:ros-controls/gazebo_ros2_control.git
```

# Start Simulation
After you have built your catkin workspace make sure to add the following lines to the `bashrc` file.
```
source /usr/share/gazebo/setup.sh
source /opt/ros/humble/setup.bash
export GAZEBO_MODEL_PATH=$GAZEBO_MODEL_PATH:/home/samuel/ros2_ws/install/stretch_gazebo/share/stretch_gazebo
export GAZEBO_PLUGIN_PATH=$GAZEBO_PLUGIN_PATH:/opt/ros/humble/lib
```
Then, source your bashrc and your catkin workspace. Once you have followed all previous steps mentioned above you will be ready to launch the simulation by running the following command:
```
ros2 run stretch_gazebo stretch_gazebo.launch.py
```

Commit message:

[Add]: Working version of mobile base + head with sensors

README.md, after:

# Stretch Gazebo
This package allows migrates the stretch_gazebo package found in (https://github.com/hello-robot/stretch_ros.git) to ROS2. All xacro and urdf files have been obtained from the 'stretch_ros' package and modified. This package has been created for simplification of the meta-package `stretch_ros2`, once the code is functional it will be incorporated to the meta-package found in (https://github.com/hello-robot/stretch_ros2.git)

> [NOTE]: The robot is partially functional excluding the arm and gripper. The current urdf incorporates the mobile base, head, speakers and sensors.

> [UPDATE]: New branch has been created called `dev` for debugging purposes. Currently the migration of the arm and gripper is under development.
# Install Package
To have functional the following simulation first install the create a catkin workspace and install all dependecies mentioned below.

## APT Dependecies
Dependecies you can install from terminal
```
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-launch-param-builder
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-gazebo-ros
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-gazebo-ros-pkgs
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-controller-manager
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-ament-cmake
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-control-msgs
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-diagnostic-updater
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-control-toolbox
sudo apt install python3-pip
pip install setuptools==58.2.0
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-joint-state-broadcaster
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-diff-drive-controller
sudo apt-get install ros-humble-joint-trajectory-controller
```
## Dependecies from Source
Dependecies which should be in the `src` folder of your catkin workspace.
```
git clone -b humble git@github.com:ros-controls/ros2_control.git
git clone -b humble git@github.com:ros-controls/gazebo_ros2_control.git
git clone -b foxy-devel git@github.com:pal-robotics/realsense_gazebo_plugin.git
```

# Start Simulation
After you have built your catkin workspace make sure to add the following lines to the `bashrc` file.
```
source /usr/share/gazebo/setup.sh
source /opt/ros/humble/setup.bash
export GAZEBO_MODEL_PATH=$GAZEBO_MODEL_PATH:/home/samuel/ros2_ws/install/stretch_gazebo/share/stretch_gazebo
export GAZEBO_PLUGIN_PATH=$GAZEBO_PLUGIN_PATH:/opt/ros/humble/lib
```
Then, source your bashrc and your catkin workspace. Once you have followed all previous steps mentioned above you will be ready to launch the simulation by running the following command:
```
ros2 run stretch_gazebo stretch_gazebo.launch.py
```
